== 1.5.1 / unreleased

* Features

  * XML::Builder#comment allows creation of comment nodes.

* Bugfixes

  * Fix a memory leak in encoding detection.  Thanks for pointing this
    out, @ender672!

  * extconf searches homebrew paths if homebrew is installed.

  * XML::Attr nodes are not allowed to be added as node children, so an
    exception is raised. #558

== 1.5.0 / 2011-07-01

* Notes

  * See changelog from 1.4.7

* Features

  * extracted sets of Node::SaveOptions into Node::SaveOptions::DEFAULT_{X,H,XH}TML (refactor)

* Bugfixes

  * default output of XML on JRuby is no longer formatted due to
    inconsistent whitespace handling. #415
  * (JRuby) making empty NodeSets with null `nodes` member safe to operate on. #443
  * Fix a bug in advanced encoding detection that leads to partially
    duplicated document when parsing an HTML file with unknown
    encoding.
  * Add support for <meta charset="...">.

=== 1.4.7 / 2011-07-01

* Bugfixes

  * Fix a bug in advanced encoding detection that leads to partially
    duplicated document when parsing an HTML file with unknown
    encoding. Thanks, Timothy Elliott (@ender672)! #478

=== 1.4.6 / 2011-06-19

* Notes

  * This version is functionally identical to 1.4.5.
  * Ruby 1.8.6 support has been restored.

=== 1.4.5 / 2011-05-19

* New Features

  * Nokogiri::HTML::Document#title accessor gets and sets the document title.
  * extracted sets of Node::SaveOptions into Node::SaveOptions::DEFAULT_{X,H,XH}TML (refactor)
  * Raise an exception if a string is passed to Nokogiri::XML::Schema#validate. #406

* Bugfixes

  * Node#serialize-and-friends now accepts a SaveOption object as the, erm, save object.
  * Nokogiri::CSS::Parser has-a Nokogiri::CSS::Tokenizer
  * [JRUBY+FFI only] Weak references are now threadsafe. #355
  * Make direct start_element() callback (currently used for
    HTML::SAX::Parser) pass attributes in assoc array, just as
    emulated start_element() callback does.  rel. #356
  * HTML::SAX::Parser should call back a block given to parse*() if any, just as XML::SAX::Parser does.
  * Add further encoding detection to HTML parser that libxml2 does not do.
  * Document#remove_namespaces! now handles attributes with namespaces. #396
  * XSLT::Stylesheet#transform no longer segfaults when handed a non-XML::Document. #452
  * XML::Reader no longer segfaults when under GC pressure. #439
